c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\main.js.map
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReferYourMateAngular2\ReferYourMateAngular2\src\app\app.component.spec.js.map
